app vocabulary.g.Past = The Irregular Past in English
  description  = Learn about The Irregular Past in English
  icon         = Pay.jpg
  author       = philiprbrenan
  email        = philiprbrenan@gmail.com
  screenShots  = Arise Awake Be Bear Beat Begin Bend Bet Bid Bind Bite Blow Break Breed Bring Build Burn Burst Buy Cast Catch Choose Cling Clothe Come Cost Creep Cut Deal Dig Do Draw Drink Drive Dwell Eat Fall Feed Feel Fight Find Fit Flee Fling Fly Forbid Forecast Foresee Foretell Forget Forgive Forsake Freeze Get Give Go Grind Grow Hang Have Hear Hide Hit Hold Keep Kneel Know Lay Lead Leave Lend Let Lose Make Mean Meet Pay Put Quit Read Ride Ring Rise Run Say See Seek Sell Send Set Shake Shed Shine Shoot Shrink Shut Sing Sink Sit Slay Sleep Slide Sling Slink Speak Speed Spell Spend Spill Spin Split Spread Spring Stand Steal Stick Sting Stride Strike String Strive Swear Sweep Swell Swim Swing Take Teach Tear Tell Think Throw Thrust Tread Wake Wear Weave Wed Weep Wet Wind Won Wring Write
  speakers     = Amy
  emphasis     = 12

       
photo  Arise       =  Arise                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Arise.jpg                                           
fact   Arise.0     =  I should've arisen| before problems arose| but I had chosen| to live on that rose                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Awake       =  Awake                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Awake.jpg                                           
fact   Awake.0     =  I had awoken from| a long deep dream| in which I awoke| by a falling stream                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Be          =  Be                                                                                                  
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Be.jpg                                              
fact   Be.0        =  I knew you'd been| to visit her| when she told me| how nice you were                                
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Bear        =  Bear                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Bear.jpg                                            
fact   Bear.0      =  We had borne more| than we could bear| before your bore| more than a bear                           
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Beat        =  Beat                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Beat.jpg                                            
fact   Beat.0      =  I have beaten| that drunken beat| that I heard you| beat down the street                            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Begin       =  Begin                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Begin.jpg                                           
fact   Begin.0     =  Day has begun| with the new sun|, when it began|, I had a plan                                      
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Bend        =  Bend                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Bend.jpg                                            
fact   Bend.0      =  It had been bent| around the bend| before you bent| the other end                                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Bet         =  Bet                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Bet.jpg                                             
fact   Bet.0       =  They could have bet| before we met| for when they bet| they were not wet.                           
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Bid         =  Bid                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Bid.jpg                                             
fact   Bid.0       =  He might have bid| against your bid| because he bid| after you did.                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Bind        =  Bind                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Bind.jpg                                            
fact   Bind.0      =  I've unbound| that lost hound| that you found| and then bound                                       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Bite        =  Bite                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Bite.jpg                                            
fact   Bite.0      =  I had just bitten| a bit of that byte| the byte which you found| and bit in the night               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Blow        =  Blow                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Blow.jpg                                            
fact   Blow.0      =  The wind had blown us| quite frozen and blue| but when the sun rose|, away the wind blew            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Break       =  Break                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Break.jpg                                           
fact   Break.0     =  I have broken| the bike brake| since you broke| for your break                                      
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Breed       =  Breed                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Breed.jpg                                           
fact   Breed.0     =  I have bred| a new breed| of split bread| from the head| of the seed| that you bred                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Bring       =  Bring                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Bring.jpg                                           
fact   Bring.0     =  You have brung more today| than I brang yesterday                                                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Build       =  Build                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Build.jpg                                           
fact   Build.0     =  When it was built| it had no tilt|, that was the way| those builders built                          
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Burn        =  Burn                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Burn.jpg                                            
fact   Burn.0      =  I had just burnt| the bread to toast| before I burnt| the dinner roast                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Burst       =  Burst                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Burst.jpg                                           
fact   Burst.0     =  It was not the first| that I had seen burst|, although when it burst|, I thought it the worst       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Buy         =  Buy                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Buy.jpg                                             
fact   Buy.0       =  What I have bought| belongs to me|, if you bought it|, it must be free                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Cast        =  Cast                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Cast.jpg                                            
fact   Cast.0      =  It had been cast| into a stall| before it cast| a cannon ball                                       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Catch       =  Catch                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Catch.jpg                                           
fact   Catch.0     =  We had not caught| so many fish|, before you caught up| with your first wish                        
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Choose      =  Choose                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Choose.jpg                                          
fact   Choose.0    =  I've chosen those shoes| that you chose to lose                                                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Cling       =  Cling                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Cling.jpg                                           
fact   Cling.0     =  I must have clung| to that wide rung| as we all clung| when we were young                           
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Clothe      =  Clothe                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Clothe.jpg                                          
fact   Clothe.0    =  They were clad in the green| that clad trees at the scene                                           
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Come        =  Come                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Come.jpg                                            
fact   Come.0      =  He had become| very witty|, before he came| to the city                                             
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Cost        =  Cost                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Cost.jpg                                            
fact   Cost.0      =  It has cost a lot more| than it cost us before                                                      
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Creep       =  Creep                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Creep.jpg                                           
fact   Creep.0     =  I had just crept| out of the mill| when the sun lept| over the hill                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Cut         =  Cut                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Cut.jpg                                             
fact   Cut.0       =  I had cut in| the bright search light| it cut through the dark| to make night light                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Deal        =  Deal                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Deal.jpg                                            
fact   Deal.0      =  I had been dealt| cards for a meal| before you dealt| with my appeal                                
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Dig         =  Dig                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Dig.jpg                                             
fact   Dig.0       =  You had dug like a beginner| before I dug into my dinner                                            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Do          =  Do                                                                                                  
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Do.jpg                                              
fact   Do.0        =  I have done up the lid| which I think you undid                                                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Draw        =  Draw                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Draw.jpg                                            
fact   Draw.0      =  I have redrawn the canyon view| in the image that you withdrew                                      
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Drink       =  Drink                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Drink.jpg                                           
fact   Drink.0     =  He had drunk all the tea| so he drank some coffee                                                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Drive       =  Drive                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Drive.jpg                                           
fact   Drive.0     =  I had driven| that new red car| before you drove| it very far                                       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Dwell       =  Dwell                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Dwell.jpg                                           
fact   Dwell.0     =  I have dwelt in a house| in which dwelt a drunk mouse                                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Eat         =  Eat                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Eat.jpg                                             
fact   Eat.0       =  I have eaten a lot more cake| than you just ate to stay awake                                       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Fall        =  Fall                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Fall.jpg                                            
fact   Fall.0      =  It has fallen| but if it fell|, during the fall|, I cannot tell                                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Feed        =  Feed                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Feed.jpg                                            
fact   Feed.0      =  She'd got fed up| with the oats| so she fed them| to the goats                                      
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Feel        =  Feel                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Feel.jpg                                            
fact   Feel.0      =  The felt would have felt wetter| before the felt felt any better                                    
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Fight       =  Fight                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Fight.jpg                                           
fact   Fight.0     =  It had fought hard| against the breeze| before I fought| the urge to sneeze                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Find        =  Find                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Find.jpg                                            
fact   Find.0      =  We have found out| about the find| he found below| the gold he mined                                
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Fit         =  Fit                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Fit.jpg                                             
fact   Fit.0       =  The cam had fit into the slot|, it fit so well the rope got hot                                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Flee        =  Flee                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Flee.jpg                                            
fact   Flee.0      =  They had just fled| from disaster|, before you fled| from that aster                                
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Fling       =  Fling                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Fling.jpg                                           
fact   Fling.0     =  I have flung down the glove| that you flung at my love                                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Fly         =  Fly                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Fly.jpg                                             
fact   Fly.0       =  If I had flown| as fast as you|, it would be time| that you flew too                                
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Forbid      =  Forbid                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Forbid.jpg                                          
fact   Forbid.0    =  He was forbidden and not paid| because he knew what you forbade                                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Forecast    =  Forecast                                                                                            
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Forecast.jpg                                        
fact   Forecast.0  =  They had forecast| that warm weather| before it cast| them together                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Foresee     =  Foresee                                                                                             
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Foresee.jpg                                         
fact   Foresee.0   =  We had foreseen| that you foresaw| what might have been| before the thaw                            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Foretell    =  Foretell                                                                                            
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Foretell.jpg                                        
fact   Foretell.0  =  I've been told| it was sold| faster than| you foretold                                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Forget      =  Forget                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Forget.jpg                                          
fact   Forget.0    =  I'd forgotten| what she would say| if I forgot| her next birthday                                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Forgive     =  Forgive                                                                                             
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Forgive.jpg                                         
fact   Forgive.0   =  To be forgiven| for the broken jar|, I forgave her when| she came in by car                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Forsake     =  Forsake                                                                                             
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Forsake.jpg                                         
fact   Forsake.0   =  I had forsaken| those spiral clocks| before you forsook| those frozen socks                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Freeze      =  Freeze                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Freeze.jpg                                          
fact   Freeze.0    =  I had refrozen| those you had chosen| before you unfroze| the ones that I chose                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Get         =  Get                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Get.jpg                                             
fact   Get.0       =  I have got| a lot more| than you got| from the store                                                
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Give        =  Give                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Give.jpg                                            
fact   Give.0      =  It was given in the nave| for the gift that you gave                                                
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Go          =  Go                                                                                                  
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Go.jpg                                              
fact   Go.0        =  The sun had shone|, and shone all day|, when it had gone|, I went away                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Grind       =  Grind                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Grind.jpg                                           
fact   Grind.0     =  The coffee| had been ground|, I ground it|, by the pound                                            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Grow        =  Grow                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Grow.jpg                                            
fact   Grow.0      =  The trees have grown| over the view| that we had here| before they grew                             
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Hang        =  Hang                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Hang.jpg                                            
fact   Hang.0      =  I've hung out| in the breeze| on ropes hung| through the trees                                      
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Have        =  Have                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Have.jpg                                            
fact   Have.0      =  we would have had| a lot less fun| if we had had| a bet that won                                    
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Hear        =  Hear                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Hear.jpg                                            
fact   Hear.0      =  I thought you'd heard| about the herd| before they heard| something absurd                          
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Hide        =  Hide                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Hide.jpg                                            
fact   Hide.0      =  They had hidden| behind their kilts| before you hid| their Scottish quilts                          
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Hit         =  Hit                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Hit.jpg                                             
fact   Hit.0       =  It seems to have been hit| before the car hit it                                                    
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Hold        =  Hold                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Hold.jpg                                            
fact   Hold.0      =  I had held up| the entire roof| while you held out| for some more proof                             
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Keep        =  Keep                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Keep.jpg                                            
fact   Keep.0      =  It was kept in the keep| where you kept me from sleep                                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Kneel       =  Kneel                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Kneel.jpg                                           
fact   Kneel.0     =  He had knelt in the field|, though he knelt he wouldn't yield                                       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Know        =  Know                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Know.jpg                                            
fact   Know.0      =  I should have known| that you would say| you knew it all| from yesterday.                           
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Lay         =  Lay                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Lay.jpg                                             
fact   Lay.0       =  It had lain long| in the deep snow|, why it laid there|, I do not know                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Lead        =  Lead                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Lead.jpg                                            
fact   Lead.0      =  They were led there| by a star| it led them there| from afar                                        
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Leave       =  Leave                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Leave.jpg                                           
fact   Leave.0     =  I had left it| there on the left|, I left a leaf| where it was left                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Lend        =  Lend                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Lend.jpg                                            
fact   Lend.0      =  I had been lent| a brilliant gem| before you lent| against the stem                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Let         =  Let                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Let.jpg                                             
fact   Let.0       =  We had to let |the soldiers go| we let them out| above the snow                                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Lose        =  Lose                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Lose.jpg                                            
fact   Lose.0      =  I had got lost| within the mews|, I lost my way| before the news                                    
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Make        =  Make                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Make.jpg                                            
fact   Make.0      =  It was made|, as I bade|, for the shade| that it made                                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Mean        =  Mean                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Mean.jpg                                            
fact   Mean.0      =  It was meant| to be spent| if that is| what you meant                                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Meet        =  Meet                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Meet.jpg                                            
fact   Meet.0      =  I could have met| all these people| before we met| at the steeple                                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Pay         =  Pay                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Pay.jpg                                             
fact   Pay.0       =  When you said that| we had been paid|, I paid for it| to be relaid                                  
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Put         =  Put                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Put.jpg                                             
fact   Put.0       =  I have input| a likely bit| so it would sit| where you put it                                       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Quit        =  Quit                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Quit.jpg                                            
fact   Quit.0      =  We should have quit| before they quit                                                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Read        =  Read                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Read.jpg                                            
fact   Read.0      =  She has read the big book| that you read in one look                                                
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Ride        =  Ride                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Ride.jpg                                            
fact   Ride.0      =  He has ridden| along the road| on that bay horse| you almost rode                                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Ring        =  Ring                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Ring.jpg                                            
fact   Ring.0      =  They have rung out| the song or shout|, I think you sang| when I first rang|                        
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Rise        =  Rise                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Rise.jpg                                            
fact   Rise.0      =  The seeds had risen| in circular rows|, it began to rain| then problems arose                       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Run         =  Run                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Run.jpg                                             
fact   Run.0       =  Water had run| over that bank|, they ran away| before it sank                                       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Say         =  Say                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Say.jpg                                             
fact   Say.0       =  After all was said and done|, we said that we would have to run                                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  See         =  See                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/See.jpg                                             
fact   See.0       =  I was seen in the sea by a shark that saw me                                                        
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Seek        =  Seek                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Seek.jpg                                            
fact   Seek.0      =  I've often sought| to find the things| I thought you sought| from the three kings                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Sell        =  Sell                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Sell.jpg                                            
fact   Sell.0      =  It was sold| I've been told| when you sold| all your gold                                           
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Send        =  Send                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Send.jpg                                            
fact   Send.0      =  She must have sent| some of that scent|, I sent a note| to where it went                            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Set         =  Set                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Set.jpg                                             
fact   Set.0       =  I have set| the new jet| where you set| your duet                                                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Shake       =  Shake                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Shake.jpg                                           
fact   Shake.0     =  I had shaken| that ice cold shake| which you then took| and shook to make                           
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Shed        =  Shed                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Shed.jpg                                            
fact   Shed.0      =  The tree has shed| a single leaf| where you shed| your last belief                                  
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Shine       =  Shine                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Shine.jpg                                           
fact   Shine.0     =  The sun has shone|, but now its gone|, it shone all day|, then went away                            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Shoot       =  Shoot                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Shoot.jpg                                           
fact   Shoot.0     =  Light has shot| through that slot| in the snap| that you shot                                       
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Shrink      =  Shrink                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Shrink.jpg                                          
fact   Shrink.0    =  I had reshrunk| two pairs of socks|, before you shrank| into that box.                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Shut        =  Shut                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Shut.jpg                                            
fact   Shut.0      =  They had shut down the core| before you shut the door                                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Sing        =  Sing                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Sing.jpg                                            
fact   Sing.0      =  They had sung| a long song| to which you| sang a long                                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Sink        =  Sink                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Sink.jpg                                            
fact   Sink.0      =  It has just sunk| into the sink| in which you sank| into the drink                                  
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Sit         =  Sit                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Sit.jpg                                             
fact   Sit.0       =  I must have sat down| before I arose| yet when I sat up| I stood on my toes                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Slay        =  Slay                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Slay.jpg                                            
fact   Slay.0      =  They were all slain| it think it's true| on their lone sleigh| the one they slew                    
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Sleep       =  Sleep                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Sleep.jpg                                           
fact   Sleep.0     =  I have slept| longer here| than I slept| as a peer                                                  
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Slide       =  Slide                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Slide.jpg                                           
fact   Slide.0     =  It would have slid| right down the track| its blade had dug| when it slid back                      
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Sling       =  Sling                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Sling.jpg                                           
fact   Sling.0     =  I've slung away| that length of rope| because you slung| away my soap                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Slink       =  Slink                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Slink.jpg                                           
fact   Slink.0     =  The fox has slunk| away to roam, I think it's time| we slunk off home                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Speak       =  Speak                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Speak.jpg                                           
fact   Speak.0     =  I have spoken| to that nice bloke| to whom you spoke| about your spoke                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Speed       =  Speed                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Speed.jpg                                           
fact   Speed.0     =  Now we have sped| around the dome|, I think it's time| that we sped home                            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Spell       =  Spell                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Spell.jpg                                           
fact   Spell.0     =  Now that you've spelt| hello and hi|, I think it's time| you spelt good bye                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Spend       =  Spend                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Spend.jpg                                           
fact   Spend.0     =  I have spent less money| than you spent on honey                                                    
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Spill       =  Spill                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Spill.jpg                                           
fact   Spill.0     =  I have spilt a cup of tea| where you spilt coffee on me                                             
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Spin        =  Spin                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Spin.jpg                                            
fact   Spin.0      =  I had just spun| the wet things dry| before you spun| your tale or lie                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Split       =  Split                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Split.jpg                                           
fact   Split.0     =  I have split| ten more logs| than you split| in those clogs                                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Spread      =  Spread                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Spread.jpg                                          
fact   Spread.0    =  I have spread| some more spread| on the bread| that you spread                                      
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Spring      =  Spring                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Spring.jpg                                          
fact   Spring.0    =  It had just sprung| into our view|, and then it sprang|, right over you                             
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Stand       =  Stand                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Stand.jpg                                           
fact   Stand.0     =  I've understood| the reason why| it stood so still| against the sky                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Steal       =  Steal                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Steal.jpg                                           
fact   Steal.0     =  It's been stolen| I thought he said|, he stole the steel| above his head                            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Stick       =  Stick                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Stick.jpg                                           
fact   Stick.0     =  It was stuck| in the muck| which you stuck| on your truck                                           
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Sting       =  Sting                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Sting.jpg                                           
fact   Sting.0     =  I got stung by a bee|, but it stung only me                                                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Stride      =  Stride                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Stride.jpg                                          
fact   Stride.0    =  I had stridden| to match his stride|, I strode upstairs| then went inside                           
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Strike      =  Strike                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Strike.jpg                                          
fact   Strike.0    =  I had struck out| into the sea|, when I got there| a wave struck me                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  String      =  String                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/String.jpg                                          
fact   String.0    =  I could have strung| beads on the string| before you strung| it through the ring                    
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Strive      =  Strive                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Strive.jpg                                          
fact   Strive.0    =  I have striven| to redesign| the things you strove| to redefine                                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Swear       =  Swear                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Swear.jpg                                           
fact   Swear.0     =  Now, I have sworn| to wash the floor| of that great bore| at whom you swore                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Sweep       =  Sweep                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Sweep.jpg                                           
fact   Sweep.0     =  I had swept up| with a new broom| before she swept| out of the room                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Swell       =  Swell                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Swell.jpg                                           
fact   Swell.0     =  They have swollen alright|, they swelled up in the night                                            
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Swim        =  Swim                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Swim.jpg                                            
fact   Swim.0      =  They have not swum| here to dine|, because they swam| in a line                                     
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Swing       =  Swing                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Swing.jpg                                           
fact   Swing.0     =  The lights had swung| from left to right| before they swung| into the night                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Take        =  Take                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Take.jpg                                            
fact   Take.0      =  I've taken| a long look| at the book| that you took                                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Teach       =  Teach                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Teach.jpg                                           
fact   Teach.0     =  He has taught| me to see| all the words| you taught me.                                             
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Tear        =  Tear                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Tear.jpg                                            
fact   Tear.0      =  My shoe got torn| on a sharp stall| before the light tore| through the hall                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Tell        =  Tell                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Tell.jpg                                            
fact   Tell.0      =  I have retold| under that tree|, the long secret| that you told me                                  
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Think       =  Think                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Think.jpg                                           
fact   Think.0     =  I must have thought| incessantly| about the things| you thought of me                               
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Throw       =  Throw                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Throw.jpg                                           
fact   Throw.0     =  I should have thrown| them all away| before you threw| them in the bay                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Thrust      =  Thrust                                                                                              
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Thrust.jpg                                          
fact   Thrust.0    =  I was thrust, well| into the sky| because you thrust| so very high                                  
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Tread       =  Tread                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Tread.jpg                                           
fact   Tread.0     =  I've trodden| on the sod| in the glen| where he trod                                                
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Wake        =  Wake                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Wake.jpg                                            
fact   Wake.0      =  I had woken up| by drinking a cup| of very hot tea| before you woke me                              
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Wear        =  Wear                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Wear.jpg                                            
fact   Wear.0      =  I've worn my trainers| some what more|, to make them like| the ones you wore                        
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Weave       =  Weave                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Weave.jpg                                           
fact   Weave.0     =  They have woven| this complex grove| from the new weave| they made and wove                         
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Wed         =  Wed                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Wed.jpg                                             
fact   Wed.0       =  They were wed| to the sled| as they sped| straight ahead| to the clan| where she wed| her Scotsman  
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Weep        =  Weep                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Weep.jpg                                            
fact   Weep.0      =  They had wept there| by the wide stream|, before they swept| into my dream                          
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Wet         =  Wet                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Wet.jpg                                             
fact   Wet.0       =  The falling rain| had not wet me| before it wet| all of the tree                                    
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Wind        =  Wind                                                                                                
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Wind.jpg                                            
fact   Wind.0      =  The clock had unwound| in the breeze| as the road wound| through the trees                          
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Won         =  Won                                                                                                 
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Won.jpg                                             
fact   Won.0       =  They had won| twenty one| before you| won just one                                                  
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Wring       =  Wring                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Wring.jpg                                           
fact   Wring.0     =  I was wrung out| by the wringer|, it wrung me dry| on its first try                                 
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
       
photo  Write       =  Write                                                                                               
       url         =  github://philiprbrenan/vocabulary-9/images/Past/Write.jpg                                           
fact   Write.0     =  I have written a note| on the writ that you wrote                                                   
       remark      =  yes                                                                                                 
